# DTV-Antenna-Direction-Finder
Most digital tv antennas are uni-directional. What this means is that to get the best reception, you must point most digital antennas in the direction of the television station broadcast antenna. To assist the public, the Federal Communications Commission(FCC) and a number of other websites have composed web based tools that allow viewers to enter their address into an online form. Based on the information entered, the website returns the stations that should be accessible from that location, as well as the direction that a uni-directional antenna should be turned to in order to get the best reception. According to where you live, this may require you to point your digital antenna in a number of different directions in any given day.

The project in this post will alleviate the need to manually turn your antenna to maximize your TV channel reception and channel strength. Once major potions of the project have been tested, you will need to enter the channels and directions that you obtain from the FCC website and similar websites (antennaweb,org) into the code. Upload the code to the device. After that is done, antenna direction can be changed via Bluetooth capable cell phones and tablets without leaving the comfort of your couch or bed. Below are the pictures of my final antenna mount with the antenna on it.

This repository contains a list of files used to test and run the DTV antenna direction finder diy project. For full step-by-step design instructions, go to https://clydelettsome.com/blog/2019/05/14/motorized-digital-tv-antenna-mount-aka-digital-tv-antenna-pointer/. 
